= Dopewars v.1.0

This is a Ruby port of the original dopewars/drugwars game.

== Overview

You are a drug dealer. Your goal is to buy and sell drugs and make money without being caught.
You have 30 days to fly around the world making your purchases and selling your product.

This is a single player game. As the player, your goal is to beat your previous score.
Your score is the total amount you're worth at the end of the game.
You lose only if you get caught, or if you owe any money at the end of the game.

Simple economy. Drug value is, to some degree, determined randomly by the day.

You can train at the gym to gain levels. Gaining levels will increase your speed, strength, and hit points.
You can also purchase strong weapons to kill agents faster. Killing an agent has a bonus reward.

== How to play
Open your terminal/command line, and `cd` into the directory where you downloaded the game.
For linux/mac

  $ ruby bin/dopewars
  
For windows
  
  $ ruby bin\dopewars
  
You will be walked through during gameplay. Type "S" to start, or "Q" to quit.
Options are normally numbers.
You can type ? for help during the game.

== Installing

  $ git clone git@github.com:jwoertink/dopewars.git
  $ cd dopewars
  $ bundle install --without experimental
  
== Requirements
* Ruby 1.9+ 
* Rubygems 1.5+
* bundler gem (gem install bundler)
  
== Current Issues
* All drugs are always available
* No way to exit game mid way
* Fill in help menu
* Allow help to be accessed any time
* The bag isn't fully in place
* Item purchases aren't restricted
* The end of game calculation isn't complete
* Limit the amount of drugs that can be carried per bag size
* Agents don't gain levels.

== Upgrades
* Fluctuating interest rates depending on which city you start in
* Fight more than 1 agent at a time
* Create GUI using ncurses
* Allow each drug to have a different effect during battle
* Push scores to twitter?
* Make a single package installer for win/mac

== Contributing
* Fork the repository
* Clone your newly forked repo
* Make changes
* Push changes to your repo
* Do pull request